+++
date = "2016-09-01"
title = "2016.09.01 patch notes (v49.01.02) | K TERA"
categories = ["patch notes"]
tags = ["2016", "v49", "translation"]
sources = ["~~[TERA 테라 | NEXON]~~"]
+++

### 1. Dungeon
- Adjusted Destroyed Gateway to God's Realm balance.
  - Phase 3
    - Increased Vergoth defense
    - Increased center breathe damage
    - Increased HP of attribute sphere
    - Increased attribute sphere explosion damage
    - Increased HP of shield for all body parts
    - Increased periodic damage of lava puddle
    - Increased defense upon burn phase

- Developer's comment: We have confirmed that phase 3 severely lacks difficulty. Because of this, clearing phase 3 has become meaningless, and it does not accomplish its role as a bridge to phase 4, and thus the difficulty of the phase was significantly increased.

  - Phase 4
    - Decreased the effect of increasing player damage from Celestial Energy
    - Increased HP of shield by part when Vergoth is under 50% HP
    - Increased HP of rock pillar during aerial breathe pattern
    - Increased periodic damage of lava puddle
    - Increased defense upon burn phase

- Developer's comment: Current phase 4 difficulty has been deemed adequate. However, we determined that ignoring mechanics due to the high damage buff received from the celestial energy is not a just strategy to use for the hardest dungeon in game, and thus this has been adjusted. In addition, there were several patterns that could easily be dealt with even though there were many dead raid members. This diminished meaning behind responding to patterns and fun factor as well and thus has been adjusted. Overall, these changes slightly increase phase 4 difficulty but we believe changes will not pose much difficulty to raids that are responsive to patterns.

- Changed rank 1 probability and rewards for Celestial Arena.
  - Increased Intercede Token amount rewarded to 12.
  - Significantly decreased the probability of obtaining Demense necklace/earring/ring
  - Increased probability of obtaining Crystal Box/Lilith's Treasure Box/Colluva Ore 

- Developer's comment: We have adjusted the efficiency of farming accessories to match other methods, and adjusted the probability of other rewards to compensate.

### 2. Quest
- Added Feedstock to dungeon guide story quest at level 65
  - Echoes of Aranea: 300 Tier 9 Feedstock
  - Ace Dungeon: 400 Tier 9 Feedstock
  - Kalivan's Challenge: 200 Tier 9 Feedstock
  - Channelworks: 300 Tier 9 Feedstock
  - Demokron Factory: 400 Tier 9 Feedstock

## Bug fixes

- Changed bank storage eligibility to the following items.
  - Wyvern Vergoth Tooth
  - Wyvern Vergoth Scale
  - Wyvern Vergoth Horn Shard
  - Wyvern Vergoth Bone Shard
  - Wyvern Vergoth Golden Essence
